OCTOBER 22ND
[indistinct chatter]
We have gifts for everyone
from Yotsuba-ya!
-Thank you!
-Thanks!
[all speaking at once]
♪
[UZUKI] I wonder
if I'm experiencing
puberty syndrome right now.
[SAKUTA] Probably.
Then if I get better
I can't read
the room anymore, huh?
Yeah, probably.
You want some, Uzuki?
There's mango orange flavor.
Sure. Thank you.
They even have
bitter-pellicle-marron
and matcha-banana, too!
Ah! No way!
I think I want that one, too.
Uzuki? What's the matter?
Hey.
Do you girls think we can
actually make it to Budokan?
[all gasping]
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
#3 IDOL SONG
Big brother.
Are you going to the concert
at Odaiba today?
Uh-huh. As a date with Mai.
We're meeting up after this.
No fair.
But aren't you going
to the Hakkejima concert
with Kano tomorrow, Kaede?
Well, yeah, I am.
But I still feel jealous.
I guess I should have asked
Toyohama to spot me a ticket
for you as well, then, huh?
No, it's okay.
I'd feel bad about asking
for myself.
Could Mai be running late?
I don't see her.
That's unusual.
I wonder what kind of reward
I can get in return.
Uh--
-[MAI] Hop in.
-[grunts]
Oh, hold on. Mai?
[engine revving]
[♪ upbeat pop music]
So, uh, hey, Mai?
-What is it?
-What is this?
It's a car. Never seen one?
When did you buy this?
Before the summer break.
With all the shooting
I've done lately
I haven't been home
And your license?
Can't drive a car without one.
When did you even apply
for this?
Last year.
While filming
for the morning drama
I occasionally commuted
to driving school.
But if you had time
for all this
we could have been going
on dates together.
We could have
but someone was too busy
studying for entrance exams.
Since you weren't paying
attention to me
I went to get a driver's license
to pass my boredom.
[sighs]
What's with
the big dramatic sigh?
Because my plan is ruined.
I was saving up
for my part-time job
to go to driving school.
You can still go.
Yeah, but I wanted to get
a license secretly
and take you on a drive
for a date as a surprise.
Looks like I beat you to it.
And I got to invite you
on a drive for a date.
Speaking of dates
I heard you and Hirokawa went
on a little date of your own.
Oh, we just went
to Misakiguchi
and ate some tuna bowls.
And biked through
a daikon field
but that's about it.
I see. That sounds like a date.
Yeah, I guess.
Uh...
So that you don't get lost
in the crowd.
Good idea.
I don't have a smartphone
so please don't let go of me.
Have you been to Odaiba?
Never had a reason
But you come here often, right?
Once in a while.
Mostly for work, though.
[crowd cheering]
Thank you, everyone!
Thanks so much!
Looks like we made it
just in time.
[♪ Sweet Bullet's
"Museninaccyau"]
[all singing in Japanese]
[crowd cheering]
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[all singing]
[whispered singing]
[singing in Japanese]
Hello and good evening
[ALL] We are Sweet Bullet!
Zukki's voice is the only one
that I can't hear.
It sounds like we're already
pressed for time
so these songs will be our last.
[♪ Sweet Bullet's
"Ultrasonic Melody"]
♪
[barely audible singing]
[SAKUTA] Mai, earlier, Zukki...
[MAI] I noticed.
She likely lost her voice.
I've seen it happen before.
More often than
you would expect.
People can temporarily lose
their voice
due to a traumatic event
or intense stress.
[SAKUTA] Come to think of it
when you and Toyohama
swapped bodies
she also became ill from all
the pressure it put her under.
Most people don't realize it
but our bodies and feelings
affect each other tremendously.
[cellphone chimes]
It's from Nodoka.
Uzuki's at the hospital.
♪
[both gasp]
EMERGENCY RECEPTION
-Been a while, Sakuta.
-You, too, Mai.
Zukki, you okay?
-Hm.
-I'm sorry.
Uzuki can't really use
her voice right now.
They told her she should get
plenty of rest and take it easy.
-She has been quite busy lately.
-[gasps]
Nodoka and the others
are still speaking
with our manager inside.
Sorry to jet, but I'm gonna
take Uzuki home for today.
Right. Please take care.
[♪ pensive music playing]
-[car door closes]
-[engine turns over]
So, the talks about Uzuki's
solo debut were true
the whole time? Well, were they?
Please, just tell us
the truth already.
Manager!
It's true that there are talks
about Uzuki's solo debut.
Wait, does that mean
she's graduating?
Our chief is considering it.
[all groaning]
But Uzuki has declined
the offer once already.
That was right after she filmed
that new commercial
I think at the end of August?
It was that long ago?
So that's why our chief
shelved the solo debut offer
at the time.
But seeing how
the public reacted
to that commercial
it was something
they couldn't give up on.
After it was unveiled
we started receiving offers
from amazing places
wanting to produce Uzuki.
Did you talk
to Uzuki about all that?
We haven't yet.
Our chief said we'll find a time
to discuss it with her again.
Well, then why has Zukki
been acting
kind of out of character lately?
I'd like to know what
you think the reason is.
Any ideas what she
was so worried about?
[all sigh]
It's fine if you don't want
to tell me.
You can resolve it on your own.
In any case, we'll head into
the venue tomorrow as planned.
[ALL] Yes, ma'am.
Just be ready for it.
[turn signal clicking]
[♪ pensive music playing]
[NODOKA] Before the concert
she asked us
in the dressing room...
Uzuki looked right at us.
And she asked
if we thought we could
actually make it to Budokan.
Any other time I'd have said
or, "Let's do it together."
Even when we were depressed
about a concert
getting canceled
when we screwed up during work
and lost confidence
or when we couldn't gain
any new fans.
And the anxiety
would bring us to tears.
Whenever a member was about
to be crushed by insecurity
we cheered each other up
by saying
"Let's all go
to Budokan together."
Like a catchphrase.
That's been the plan
this whole time.
Those words would always
come out before.
But today, they didn't.
Not even one of us could say it.
When Uzuki asked
Like they weren't true.
And of course we didn't
because the one who would always
say it before anyone else...
was Uzuki.
And whenever we felt uncertain
the one who always pulled
us together was just Uzuki.
The truth is, without her there
me and the other members
wouldn't have the courage we do.
When Uzuki
was feeling uncertain
we couldn't do anything for her.
We'd all just selfishly assumed
that Uzuki would be all right.
[MAI] What are you going
to do tomorrow?
I think we're performing
without Uzuki.
[MAI] Can you do it?
Of course. We have to.
Oh.
Well, I have work tomorrow
We can't make Uzuki
even more uncertain.
This time
[♪ upbeat music plays on TV]
OCTOBER 23RD
[WOMAN] The weather in Kanagawa
today will be unstable.
Though sunny
of a sudden rainstorm.
Make sure you don't leave
your umbrella behind.
-[phone rings]
-Huh?
-Oh, big brother?
-Kaede?
I thought you and Kano
were having lunch
-before the concert.
-We're eating now.
Komi is a bit worried, too.
Did you hear anything about
it afterwards?
Toyohama didn't say much else.
Oh, Uzuki.
I wonder if she's all right.
[chuckles softly]
I think she'll be okay.
Are you sure?
Well, we are talking
about Zukki.
[distant indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
[children laughing]
[kids giggling]
[people screaming in distance]
Now, our next group
is one that's been soaring
in popularity here recently.
Sweet Bullet!
[crowd cheering]
[♪ Sweet Bullet's
"Otomenote" playing]
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[all singing in Japanese]
[crowd cheering]
Hello there, everyone!
Thanks for coming today!
[ALL] And we are Sweet Bullet!
Hold on. Aren't we
missing somebody today?
What? You're gonna
bring that up?
Well, I gotta admit
singing Zukki's part
is tough for me.
[all laughing]
Anyway, what's up with Zukki?
Hey, the crowd just loosened up.
Let it slide, would ya?
[crowd laughing]
Come on, Yae.
Talk some sense into her!
It'll be fine.
Uzuki will be back
before you know it.
So let's sing together!
[crowd cheering]
[♪ Sweet Bullet's
"Ultrasonic Melody"]
This sure is somethin'.
Mm-hmm.
[singing in Japanese]
[lights click off]
[singing continues]
[all gasping]
Huh?
[gasps]
[groans softly]
Our team is working
to figure out
the cause of this issue
so please be patient
for a short while.
[indistinct chatter]
Let's get out of here.
We're gonna catch a cold.
Good call.
[sighs]
[gasps]
[SAKUTA] Fancy seeing you here.
You come to Sweet Bullet
concerts often?
Huh?
[SAKUTA] Don't worry.
I'm not gonna tell anyone.
So you can go ahead
and talk to me.
Guess you knew I lied.
How'd you find out?
Liars are good at pecking
into other people's lies.
Oh, so you're a lie pecker
You mean like a woodpecker?
Nuh-uh. That would be
an insult to woodpeckers.
Well, they're a very kind
family of birds
-so I'm sure they won't mind.
-[chuckles softly]
[UZUKI] I really did
lose my voice
during the concert yesterday.
Though you probably
don't believe me.
[SAKUTA] Nah, I believe you.
I was watching from the crowd.
I'm always here
for all of our concerts.
-Hmm?
-The question you asked
-when you walked up.
-Oh.
Ever since Sweet Bullet's
very first live performance
I've never missed any.
Not even the smallest shows.
[SAKUTA] Then were there
any other times
-with trouble of this nature?
-[UZUKI] There were.
The stage wasn't as big
as this one
but that time
So how did they handle
the situation back then?
One of the girls started
singing without a mic.
-The one in the center.
-Huh?
[singing in Japanese]
[crowd clapping in rhythm]
So that girl's not gonna
be on stage after all?
This is stupid. Let's head back.
That's the reality
we face every day.
After all this time that
we've been trying so hard
we still can't reach
[SAKUTA] This certainly packs
quite a punch, though.
[UZUKI] Yeah
[SAKUTA] In that case
and go join your friends
up there?
[UZUKI] I'm not qualified
to do that.
The truth is, I'm just like
the people from earlier.
I also have a voice
in the back of my head.
One that laughs at Nodoka
and the girls
who are trying their hardest
for a dream that'll
never come true.
Knowing that, I can't stand on
the same stage as them anymore.
[SAKUTA]
Toyohama isn't oblivious
-to all of this, you know.
-[gasps]
She realizes that she's an idol
that hasn't made it big
and she's fully aware that
people are laughing at her.
But she keeps going.
I'm sure the same can be said
for the others, too.
They understand that
the way things are now
they won't make it to Budokan.
They have a proper view
of reality.
Then what's the point?
Really?
You're seriously asking that?
It's so simple
that even I can imagine it.
[gasps] I know, but...
What should I do?
[singing in Japanese]
[whimpers]
This is when you need
to read the room, Zukki.
[ALL] ♪ Let me sing my song ♪
♪ Then tell me your thoughts ♪
♪ Ah ♪
[all singing in Japanese]
[singing in Japanese]
♪
[speakers screech]
[♪ song playing over speakers]
♪
[crowd gasping]
[gasps]
[crowd cheering]
Now here we go!
[all singing in Japanese]
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[all singing in Japanese]
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[cheers and applause]
OCTOBER 24TH
So, you guys, I decided
to accept the offer
for my solo debut.
However, I won't be graduating
from Sweet Bullet.
I'll make them both work.
Then me and my girls can go
to Budokan together!
So I'm asking all our fans!
Yae and Hotaru!
Nodoka and Ranko, too!
Please turn our Budokan dream
into reality!
[crowd cheering]
SWEET BULLET LIVE ONSTAGE
@HAKKEIJIMA SEA PARADISE
Now, onto the encore!
Wait a sec. Encore?
-We're not there yet.
-What?
They haven't asked us
for an encore yet?
Well, that's okay!
Let's just
do the encore anyway!
YOKOHAMA CITY UNIVERSITY
[yawns, sighs]
Hm?
Hey, Zukki.
You're going home already?
I just submitted my resignation
to student affairs
so I'm outta here.
Hm?
That's rather sudden
You have no regrets
about college?
Big brother
-Hm?
-Why I chose
statistical science
as my major.
Oh, yeah, I do.
I'll tell you as my gift
for your afterlife.
I think I'd rather it be
a parting gift instead.
I felt that it would
help me understand it a little
if I came here.
Understand what?
What everyone's really about.
If I could figure that out
then maybe I would have
a better understanding
of Nodoka and the others.
I bet you probably have
a similar reason, don't you?
The reason why you chose
statistical science, I mean.
No, I already told you.
I simply chose a major that
gave me the highest chance
-of being accepted.
-Exactly!
That's why I'm leaving
all the studying to you.
Once you figure it out
Did you even listen
to what I said?
No, I ignored
that part intentionally.
[wind blowing]
I've gotta get going now.
Hm!
[sighs]
-Hey, Zukki.
-Hm?
Congrats, new grad.
[gasps]
[chuckles softly]
Well, see ya!
[panting]
♪
Big brother! Bye-bye!
Bye-bye! Bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
[wind blowing]
Oh, dear. What a waste.
After everything I did
to make her able
-to read the room, too.
-[gasps]
[chuckles softly]
How surprising!
So you can actually see me!
Guess I gotta hand it to you
And who are you, exactly?
Oh, come on.
You should know that by now.
Hm?
'Cause my name
is Touko Kirishima.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[♪ Uzuki Hirokawa's
"The Horizon is my Scar"]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF A LOST SINGER
♪
[UZUKI] Oh, big brother
#4 HEROISM